feat(menus): custom menus updates (#9014)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/demos/CustomMenus/OptionsMenu.md

---
id: Options menu
section: components
subsection: menus
source: react-demos
propComponents: ['MenuToggle', 'Divider', 'Select', 'SelectList', 'SelectOption', 'SelectGroup']
---

import SearchIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/search-icon';

> As the `OptionsMenu` component is now deprecated, an options menu may now be built using the new suite of `Menu` components. This is showcased below in the example using the new `Select` component built off of `Menu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the `<OptionsMenu>` component is now deprecated, an options menu may now be built using the new suite of menu components. This is showcased in the following example, which uses the new select component that is built off of menu.
```

> As the `<OptionsMenu>` component is now deprecated, an options menu may now be built using the new suite of menu components. This is showcased in the following example, which uses the new select component that is built off of menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the `<OptionsMenu>` component is now deprecated, an options menu may now be built using the new suite of menu components. This is showcased in the following demo, which uses the new [select](/components/menus/select) component that is built off of menu.
```
